Angelo: Well,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Hi, Angela, how are you
Angelo: Good. How are you doing,
Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How was your weekend.
Angelo: Productive um
Angelo: I've been
Angelo: Trying to start an affiliate marketing online business.
Angelo: And I'm not very like tech savvy, like I'm not like
Angelo: I don't spend a lot of time on the computer, you know,
Angelo: I don't know, I just
Angelo: I've been committing like
Angelo: My time just just being on it you know even like I'm not like doing any are getting anywhere with anything, you know, just spending time on it, you know, and it's it's been helping like it's definitely been like informative. I don't know, like
Angelo: I'm definitely going to play like I'm I'm learning a lot, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: On this interest.
Angelo: I'm just, I don't know, I'm
Angelo: Sick and tired of being sick and tired, you know, I'm just
Angelo: Like
Angelo: I've got to do something different, you know,
Angelo: And I don't know, just always feeling so defeated, you know, and just, I don't know, like I feel like I always throw in the towel towel. Even before I arrived. You know, like
Angelo: I've been trying to really like
Angelo: Trying to get it in my head like nothing is going to stop me. You know, like I'm going to find a way around, you know, like, and just use any resource I can you know
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To us, and that black and white thinking visits it you know because you said you kind of like throwing the towel before the fight even begins. And so now happen that resolve that. And we're just going to continue to commit to it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what what outcomes. Have you noticed as a dip with happiness mindset.
Angelo: Um,
Angelo: I've been. I've been feeling a lot better about myself like
Angelo: I don't know, just feeling productive. You know, like
Angelo: Even though like I haven't like launched my website yet or anything like that or like
Angelo: Because I mean there's there's like a lot of like different technical aspects to stuff, you know, like, you can't just go and spam. You know, you get an affiliate link to somebody else's product.
Angelo: You know, and they give you like resources and stuff like you know that you can cut and paste and but you have to have your own web page. And then from there you get like a landing page that you can put out to like social media like Facebook and stuff like that, you know, but
Angelo: You have to have that landing page.
Angelo: You know, and
Angelo: You know, just learning all these different types of class, but, you know, like, it seems so
Angelo: Overwhelming and like such a like crazy. Like, how do you like where do you even begin to like learn about this kind of stuff. Like, you know, there's really no classes or, you know, where
Angelo: But like being able to actually wrap my wrap my mind around like really like it's not that conflict, you know, like
Angelo: This
Angelo: Very scary like demonized it you know like that that was in my head. Like I demonized it and like
Angelo: Saw other people enjoying it. And, you know, like you see people on the internet and you know they're they're networking, they're doing, you know, and it's like you look at that and you want to take part in that as well.
Angelo: You know what I mean.
Angelo: And it finally feels like that door is is finally opening for, you know, like a whole you know like new world of, you know, the internet, you know and and i mean i know there's a lot of bad dark but you know but like
Angelo: It's not as scary as it once was, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So do you have any resources to connect with someone that already in this field.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To rely on this seems like a very overwhelming and ambitious task to take on so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, be good to have some method supports to help navigate that.
Angelo: That's exactly what I mean like
Angelo: 10 minutes ago, I was just telling my mom. I was like,
Angelo: You know, I've learned a lot, you know, on my own, but I need somebody to walk me through this, because there's a few things that are not quite clear. You know, like
Angelo: And I, I've got some
Angelo: Some questions to you know like
Angelo: So I'm actually
Angelo: I'm
Angelo: Going to purchase one of the programs I found one for like 10 bucks a month. And so I went out and I bought like a prepaid card because I don't want to tie my account. You know, because trying to cancel stuff and you
Angelo: Know, I mean,
Angelo: Even if it is legit. You know, like, you can still get screwed legitimately, you know,
Angelo: So I put some distance
Angelo: You know by getting a green card, you know,
Angelo: And I'm going to
Angelo: purchase one of the programs with software, you know, they have a lot of stuff built for you.
Angelo: And I'm going to try it out.
Angelo: And, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Through the mentorship and
Angelo: Really just trying to take advantage of, you know, put my all you know really focus in on. I mean really trying to get this take, you know, taking it off, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Sounds like a good plan. It's always um
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, interesting to learn something new and to see how your mind can attach to the information. So it's empowering when it connects and then
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, it can be disheartening. Sometimes when it doesn't go, you know, give yourself embrace that when it becomes overwhelming. So just, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Take a pause, and then go back
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To I think it's very
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Important to have some people
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Connect with those mentors and that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That when you have those moments, relax. You know, things are connecting I need some fresh ideas to get to, you know, establish with with your goal.
Angelo: Get out of my own head.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah yeah
Angelo: I support system.
Angelo: I mean, initially to help push me through. I mean, like,
Angelo: With anything, you know,
Angelo: Working out or whatever, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Like accountability.
Angelo: By and I think it'll really help to
Angelo: Have somebody there to to push through because I know there's going to be those times where it's going to seem hopeless and I'm going to want to give up.
You
Angelo: See results and stuff. But I mean, I've got to push through that.
You know,
Angelo: I don't know. I really look forward to
Angelo: Just having a topic, you know, a subject to interact with somebody you know just
Angelo: I mean, I don't care what we talked about with the fact that we already
Angelo: Have a topic, you know, even before the initial encounter with the person you know there's a topic and some
Angelo: You know something in common and
Angelo: You know, it's, it's gonna be nice, you know, because like I'm thirsty for this information and there's a lot of people out there that have the resources toward you know to give this information, you know, like, so it'll be, I don't know. I'm hoping that
Angelo: You know, the, the more I've learned you know because I've been trying, you know this by myself for a long time and I've learned a lot of like tricks and, you know, different things, or whatever, you know, but I haven't been able to put them all together to implement them all.
Angelo: You know, you know, working system like
Angelo: I have a lot of like cool parts and pieces, you know,
Angelo: But to put them all together and implement them, you know, it'll be a nice
Angelo: More running machine, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, yeah. Sounds like you know you've already got the foundation and the motivation. So get things going. And you've been a customer for a long time working independently.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And any goals outcomes that you have experienced as a result of your own hardware which is encouraging and very inspiring to be able to work independently and still make progress.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But now you know activate other supports and and having that idea that, you know, you don't have to do this alone. I know when I first started with our health and was very overwhelming.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All the different people to learn about, you know, all the different forms to remember. And so I knew that I had to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Connect with someone else. That was a therapist that was established, because when everything became like okay this is too much and I'm balancing with some balance in that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I would, you know, check in with that person and they would directly to Zach around, go and it helped it to not be such an interesting transition
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And coming into the program. I think it's something that everyone should explore whenever they're venturing into something new, like you said, have
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: One that has a common
Angelo: Interest.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: With you, to help keep you encouraged and motivated
Angelo: Right and just critique.
Angelo: Your style to, you know, just format. A little different, you know, and perfect, you know,
Angelo: Your performance. I mean, whatever it may be.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It helps to keep the fire going you know
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You see someone else through things and then to share ideas. It helps you to. It's a measure of how much you have learned and how you've grown and you realize that you're able to also teach it, and her and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Others as well.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right.
Angelo: And that's just like that much more icing on the cake. You know, like, and the money is great, you know, but
Angelo: The relationships and the
Angelo: You know, it's just all that much more act you know getting out there and you know I think people are resource you know people are, you know, a wealth of many things.
Angelo: You know, just, I mean,
Angelo: That's
Angelo: I don't know. I
Angelo: I look forward to meeting more people out there.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm very interesting definitely keep you occupied and busy.
Angelo: Yeah yeah
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Did you have social media outlets, because you know you mentioned that once they connect you have to then kind of have like a social media landing so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I started following no
Angelo: I'm not really
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Like
Angelo: I mean I post once a while like on Facebook. Like I struggle for ideas, but like, I'm not like like when I see people posting their food. I'm like,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Who cares, like you
Angelo: Know, like, but I mean, to each their own, you know,
Angelo: But I don't know. I would probably like
Angelo: Personally, I want to distance myself from my personal account.
Angelo: Because like
Angelo: There's a lot of like controversial, stuff like that. I post. You know, I see videos of like police beating or something. And I'm like,
Angelo: Oh my god like shocked like
Angelo: Yeah stuff about Trump
Angelo: You know, some
Angelo: Nonsense, or whatever. And I mean, people have their own opinion and I don't want to alienate anybody
Angelo: In like
Angelo: From a professional personally out of mine alienating
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But
Angelo: I don't know, like, to me, like my personal opinion is is one thing, but like when I'm in a business sense. I definitely want to have that
Angelo: Separation of the neutral. I mean,
Angelo: Yeah, but I mean, I guess you can always look
Angelo: You know, but
Angelo: I don't know.
Angelo: I just kind of wanted to. I'm thinking about creating like a different like a business site for
Angelo: You know, the, the affiliate marketing on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, all that
Angelo: But like with this program. I'm not
Angelo: Quite clear how like they have like their sites that are, you know, like they integrate automatically you know and like you put up your, your post or whatever your
Angelo: Landing page but
Angelo: The one that goes on the social media sites or whatever.
Angelo: The introduction page with your affiliate link and it gets distributed to like a bunch of different social media outlets. You know, so you only have to post it once and then it like webs out into, you know, Instagram and
Angelo: Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, all that
Angelo: It's
Angelo: I'm hoping it's it's all I mean everything always sell it, you know, sounds good when they're trying to sell it to you, but I don't know I'm I'm hopeful that have been resource.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, it sounds like it's definitely going to be a lot of work but you know the benefits will also be just as a minute so
Angelo: Yeah.
Angelo: It's been keeping my mind busy.
Like
Angelo: I
Angelo: Don't know. I hadn't been so
Angelo: I don't know, it just
Angelo: In the limbo, like the depressed limbo of not like
Angelo: I wake up and I'm, you know, I've got, I've got a project going on. I've got something that's not complete, you know that I still have to work on, you know, and something that that I'm proud of you know that I'm taking
Angelo: Taking me a while.
Angelo: To get it going, you know, scrappy bunch of cages, you know, because I've had to start over.
Angelo: You know,
Angelo: And just critiquing, you know, and learning. You know, so definitely still like the sense of accomplishment.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And, um, how has how has family dynamics been for you.
Angelo: I'm
Angelo: Like my mom is actually been surprisingly supportive and like she actually lent me the money, cuz so broke all the time to to go out and get the the $25 card, you know, the prepaid card and stuff.
Angelo: She's like, you know, I don't have a lot of money but you know if it's something you believe in, you know, I don't really get it. But you know, I can see that you've been putting a lot of time and effort into
Angelo: Learning about this stuff.
Angelo: Like so, like, she's trying to be supportive, you know, with the little she has, you know,
Angelo: Like that means a lot to
Like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Noticing the attempts and appreciating the attempts will continue to strengthen the, you know, communication styles and I know the support has been big for you. And so having mom come alongside you and know as opposed to see your self esteem, the confidence. That's good.
Yeah.
Angelo: Me, I noticed, like I have this really bad habit of like meeting for approval like 10
Angelo: Years old and I still look to my mom for
Angelo: For that approval, like, you know,
Angelo: Even when I was doing this.
Angelo: Little you know started off with this affiliate marketing thing. You know, like
Angelo: She was, you know, for a very long time very skeptical and you know like and you know I I kept asking my life because I get really upset when she chewed it down. And I'm like, why is this bothering me so much like
Angelo: I can go out and do
Angelo: This on my own, like you
Angelo: Don't have to keep my myself like
Angelo: I can go and do this on my own. Like, you don't need her approval, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So, realizing that that validation and and wanting to prove for mom may translate into other sessions. Right. So when you interact with someone else that that projection of validation from mom might transition and other
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Dynamics, it can transition and works then without even knowing that subconsciously because you've been wanting that validation from mom, you know, your boss.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: May may appear as though, oh I just want the validation. I want the approval and don't get that on an ongoing you go to that back away making or that catastrophizing where it's like, they must not like me because they didn't say Hi today.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm for you been, you know, group individual settings, whatever it may be, be mindful that okay, this may be presented itself in other ways. And then having that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know validating statements and affirmative statement so that you don't go into that spiral of showing insignificant low self esteem.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Have you noticed that another say
Angelo: Yeah, it's, it's like a circular like
Angelo: It's like a rotating door that keeps going around and around. And like any
Angelo: Each thought like keeps RE. RE validating the next one.
Angelo: You know, like
Angelo: And it's like,
Angelo: I start looking out and observing the wrong things.
Angelo: And those become validation
Angelo: It's kind of like
Angelo: Kind of like a conspiracy theory in my own head. You know, like
Angelo: You start seeing
Angelo: You know, like your mind starts pointing out certain patterns that are like really like
Angelo: It's
It's
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yes, be rational thinking process and because, you know, unfortunately, it's so hard to process that. It all stems to childhood in our upbringing. Right. And it's not pointing fingers at parents, but those relationships play a huge role in how we view and operate in the world. So one
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Validation yeah one in that validation from childhood, it transcends into adulthood and lucky stages this revolving door of want desires.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Desires want desires and when you don't meet that need. It just wanting to rejection rejection rejection rejection instead of really identifying what is the ones you know what is the me that I'm actually searching for
Angelo: Yeah, and
Angelo: Like it's
Angelo: Me and my mom get into it. You know, like she shares her like the way she shows her love is by buying new stuff, financial, you know, like
Angelo: As far as like physical contact or like connecting on an
Angelo: Emotionally or intellectual level is
Angelo: Just not there, but like, she'll go to the store and buying this, you know, and be like, you know, see. That's how much I love you like
Angelo: You know, I don't feel a connection by in an inanimate object.
You know,
Angelo: But the way she sees my, you know, like
Angelo: And I was taught to love that way to
Angelo: You know, like
Angelo: I feel very awkward, you know, hugging my son or, you know, sitting on the couch, you know, with my arm around them or something, you know, and it's, I don't know, it's, it's, it's the way I was taught to react to, you know, the situations.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Gary Chapman. I don't know if you ever heard of him. He has this book called The Five Love Languages.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And he picks exactly what you talked about how people give and receive love. And typically people give love the way they want to receive it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so it sounds that your mom's love language is gifts. So, you know, when she gives you that gift, she expects that he must know I love him because I'm rocking this
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But if your love language is not gives it doesn't translate to love for you if your love language was say for instance that physical touch or the
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: words of affirmation that it would be more validate to hear you know statements like you're doing a good job. I see how much progress you made or, you know, you look good today. That would be one for me for you than her purchasing
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So Gary Chapman said there's five different love language is physical touch gifts acts of service words of affirmation and quality time. And so we all have our way and we tend to unintentionally show our love through the way we want to be loved.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so the education comes in. And when you identify what your love language is, you know, being able to communicate to that person, you know, thank you for this gift.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then, you know, another timing, you know, just kind of explaining what really brings value to me it really makes me feel love and support it is when you do a b&c because, you know, I noticed that my love language is and
Angelo: For me, I mean,
Angelo: My ideal.
Angelo: I think that the best way to to show your love is to spend time with somebody, because that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know,
Angelo: Your time is something that you will never ever obtain more of, and it will always have the same monetary value because it's always limited
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Like
Angelo: It's something that
Angelo: You cannot replace for get more of
Angelo: You know, so if you're willing
Angelo: To spend that time with me like that is definitely a sacrifice in it. Like, I definitely you know like sacrifice and love are very come hand in hand, you know, giving something of yourself, you know, and
Angelo: I find that much more valuable.
Angelo: Than money, you know, and I understand you know money is, you know,
Angelo: Monetary to your time, you know, work, you know, but it's not a balance scale, you know,
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so do you find because you you your love language is quality time that you try to to show that. And that's how you communicate your mouth towards others.
Angelo: Um,
Angelo: I mean, ideally. Yeah, but I mean to be. I mean, if I'm honest. I really don't show a lot of love to anybody. I mean,
Angelo: Like my stuff. Like, I don't
Angelo: I wish I spent more time with but
Angelo: I don't know. I'm just for so long and been wrapped up in my own little world and head and like you know in that circle of, you know, I feel guilty because I don't spend time with my son. I don't spend time with my son, because I feel guilty because I don't spend
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Angelo: It's just that constant circle.
Angelo: You know,
Angelo: feeling guilty because I don't spend time with my son and I don't spend time with my son, because I feel guilty about not, you know, spending time with, you know, and it's just
I don't know.
Angelo: And it's very
Angelo: Cumbersome it's it's debilitating.
You know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You want to show your love for your son. Not sure how
Angelo: Yeah, I mean,
Angelo: I know that
Angelo: I don't know, I just, I don't know if it's like trauma or what but like just that.
Angelo: That uncomfortable feeling like of touching and being touched or you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Mentioned, you didn't mention having sexual abuse trauma as a child. Correct.
Yeah.
Angelo: The family.
graced
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: A stranger. This was someone that was loud and trusted within your internal family systems. So it's totally normal that you know your coping mechanism and result of that he shoots was to kind of suppress physical contact and be limited in how you show love
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In physical expression.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You hope you find it in other settings, not just with your son. But when you were in romantic relationships, but it was also difficult physical intimacy.
Angelo: Like in the bedroom, not so much. But like in public or or like
Angelo: I don't like it was always awkward. You know, like the first time to like grab some, you know, to hold a girl's hand, you know, or something.
Angelo: Very like nerve wracking, you know, and I mean
Angelo: You know, it's always you know like scary to go on a date and like make the first you know and like, but I mean,
Angelo: I would have like horrible anxiety like until, like, to this day, like, I haven't. I mean, dated or better like
Angelo: Then, with a great you know probably like five years, you know, because I just got so much anxiety about it, you know.
Angelo: And it's just I don't know.
Angelo: Me when I was younger, you know,
Angelo: I messed around quite a bit, you know, but
Angelo: I would never really connect on
Angelo: Like I would never open up, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That timeline with five years. Can you might connect it with something that happened five years ago.
Angelo: I really can't think of anything.
Angelo: Like
Angelo: Part of it was was my addiction.
Angelo: With the opiates, or whatever. I mean, I lost a lot of like that my sex drive or whatever. And I think that like, that's all like a huge motivating factor in a male's life you know you want to get
Angelo: A nice car seat. Press the pretty girl and
Angelo: You know, like that.
Angelo: That beautiful girl is becomes like a trophy and, you know, show them a chore to all your friends and you know that's that makes you you know like
Angelo: I don't know, it's, it's a status, you know, and like everything that you know you do is derived around centered around, you know, meeting with that attractive mate, you know,
Angelo: And I mean, when I lost that like interest you know i mean i got discouraged. You know, most of my life. I mean, I was, you know, I wasn't all that popular in school. You know, I mean, I didn't lose my virginity till I was like 17, something like that.
Angelo: But I was never really all that, you know, and I felt a lot of rejection growing up and stuff like that. And then when my addiction came into play. It was just that much more like reinforce you know that, like, Well, you know, like I lost that much more interest in a subject that I was already
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, I mean it's, it sounds almost my performance anxiety, you know, knowing that the expectation is to be intimate and and knowing that you know you're working to get several different obstacles.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The shame that comes with your addiction history on the childhood lack of validation and so that fear of rejection. It just follows you throughout your course of life. And now this distance it. So all of those are recipes, you know, to kind of create this experience that you talk about.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I don't know how to show intimacy to others because I don't want to be rejected.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Last for a lot of vulnerability, but, on the contrary, I see so much vulnerability with you when it comes to the emotional response.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so, that is, I guess, how you have compensated over time for being unable to maybe express physically um you know your love.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I do see that emotional vulnerability vulnerability that allows you to connect with other people. I see it resonate in group settings and another group member
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is going through it. You can not only normalize their experience, but also kind of share your own personal challenges to help support them.
Angelo: Well, I mean, I definitely feel the desire.
Angelo: To connect with others.
Angelo: You know,
Angelo: It's just, it's hard for it to to come about naturally you know i mean
Angelo: And it's
Angelo: I don't know. It's seems
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, um, you
Angelo: Know it just it's it
Angelo: Seems like things become more difficult and like more for in the more you desire that you know
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, because now it's more focus. It's more focused on the outcome, and then
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah. Yeah. And then we can't meet, it's like, Okay, another failure because you haven't met that goal outcome.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right. But what if, you know, there wasn't a different outcome, you know, who are you and being able to identify. Well, I have my limitations when it comes to the physical expression of love, but I will commit to, you know, filling in the blank, like how to share your emotional vomit.
Angelo: Um,
Angelo: Well, I mean, I think about it a lot.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know,
Angelo: But I mean, I still like
Angelo: I don't know. That's
Angelo: Like relationship with with somebody else's kind of on the backburner my
Angelo: Right now I need to like get through life.
Angelo: Like my relationship to life and success and the
Angelo: Like my relationship to the world like
Angelo: I need to like that needs to be like
Angelo: My first priority.
Angelo: Like, because I want to be a resource to somebody like
Angelo: I like
Angelo: And I've thought about it to, you know, like, Well, what if you know it would help me to just have somebody like support, you know, like a support system for each other, you know,
Angelo: But like
Angelo: You know,
Angelo: I've kicked around different ideas or whatever, you know, but I mean I feel like I want to establish myself and like when I meet it. When I do finally meet a girl like
Angelo: She'll be lucky to be with you know and then I don't want to sound. I mean, that sounds really shitty heard it, but like I want to be worth like that. She's like, I'm a resource to her.
Angelo: Like she's happy to be with
Angelo: Like I'm not
Angelo: Just a burden to her. I'm not just another
Angelo: guy that comes at you know and lives in her freakin apartment, just you know mooching off and as another just leech on our life.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, it would be good if a lot of other mentors that perspective to know, you know, to have that that goal. And that attainment is admirable. Not every not every
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Person not even just from a male perspective commits to be in that type of person within a relationship where you can bring something to the table and offer something that is mutually beneficial.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And that's what I'm hearing that you want. You just, you know, you want that balance. You know, we all have those desires.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so what I was when I was talking about in that context was not not compartmentalize to romantic relationships but like you said just social relationships and in recognizing that and giving yourself credit for my ability to connect with others on the emotional level.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's something to definitely you know, be mindful of because the validation is something that's integrated within you. And so when you start to realize validation. Another standards and measures, then it will continue to build up that self esteem.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Did you ever take medication for your anxiety.
Angelo: Um,
Angelo: They had me on on
Angelo: Ritalin.
growing up as a kid.
Angelo: And I've actually been wanting to get back. I'd like to, to help me to concentrate and focus and stuff.
Angelo: But they never had me on on like any and they they've done Ritalin and antidepressants, but I really didn't stick with the IM and presence because they, I don't know that the side effects were just too much for me.
Angelo: But I am
Angelo: Trying to I've been seeking out somebody who can read diagnosed me and my adulthood.
Angelo: For the ATP so that I could start getting treated for that.
Angelo: Because I think that would really help me, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To focus more on the Add diagnosis and in regards as opposed to the entire
Angelo: Alone.
Angelo: Well, I know that like when I was younger. Like for me, I couldn't
Angelo: Like the anxiety would come on when they would sit me down in a desk and open up that book and tell me to sit there and like I was like it was just like a rush of stress and then when they put me on the Gremlin
Angelo: It was it became like a fun day. Like I enjoy, you know, sitting there writing, you know, and being creative.
Angelo: Like you got the creative juices flowing
Angelo: You know, but without those creative
Angelo: Like your focus is everywhere else in the room except in that book. It's like
Angelo: Anxiety.
Angelo: You know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because I'm thinking I'm you know going to your primary care physician. I know they have allowed a lot for primary care physicians to be able to prescribe medication for depression and anxiety symptoms.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And, you know, the things that you shared with me. I'm worried reflective with the anxiety.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, because I'm hearing social anxiety symptoms that are presenting itself and how it impacts you know different functions in your life.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I do see the add as well. I do not minimizing bad but thinking if there's been so much challenges to, you know, maybe to figure out and get that a diagnosis for the anxiety. So you can get some of the support of medication as well.
Angelo: I'm definitely open minded. I mean,
Angelo: And I mean, if that stands out to you more, you know, it's, you know, definitely a concern, you know, because I mean I I feel it. A lot of the time, you know, and you know, my mom will point out to me. You know, like I won't even notice. You know, like I'm sitting there watching TV and I'm rocky
Angelo: And like, she'll pointed out to me and I'm like,
Angelo: I didn't realize I was doing that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, I mean, it's definitely visible, especially with it being Tele health, like I
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Could see you every movement because then it impacts the video so I do see the add, you know, presenting itself with, you know, constant movement, but I also hear
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, clear symptoms of anxiety that presented itself, the social anxiety. The rejection, the fear of being in those social settings that impacts the ushers making a mistake.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Those different things.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So something to think about, you know, do you have a primary care physician that you're saying
Angelo: Oh, um, I haven't seen them in in quite a while. But I went to go check out I made an appointment with psychiatrist.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And
Angelo: I don't know, like
Angelo: They make it like eight months out, you know, so I finally got into see
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Her
Angelo: She tried me on selects and
Angelo: The Clonidine
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And
Angelo: You know, I wonder, you know, I take
Angelo: Quantities for support medication you know with with you guys.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And
Angelo: Like she started just missed it. And like
Angelo: I asked her about the add. You know, if I could get a diagnose you know. And she was like, well, I don't, I do not prescribe
Angelo: Narcotics at all. You know, because of your drug history that
Angelo: You know when I said, Okay. Was there anything else you can help me, you know, treat me with, you know, you know, I've got no money, you know, and she's stuck with
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know,
Angelo: Because I tried the selection and the quantity for about two months and it didn't work out for me. And when I had the follow up, you know, I asked her, again, you know, this isn't working for me.
Angelo: She was she just basically
Angelo: Wrote in a report that I was
Angelo: seeking behavior or something.
Like
Angelo: Yeah.
Angelo: So I asked her, you know, if I could switch to a doctor that would prescribe a medication that can help me, you know, because
Angelo: It's just so dangerous. Why are they, why did they prescribe it to me as a child.
Angelo: You know,
Angelo: Dangerous thing, you know.
Angelo: She's like, Well, I'm not getting crushed, you know, and I'm like, Well, you know, my doctor. I'm trying to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Ask you
Angelo: You know, informed, but I'm not trying to be a smart ass.
Angelo: And
Angelo: Like, help me I need help.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know,
Angelo: Trying to find another i'd like someone who specifically
Angelo: Focuses on
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That so far.
Angelo: Um,
Angelo: I found a number. I had to call them, but they're
Angelo: Like still closed because the coven thing.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But
Angelo: I left a message and I'm supposed to be hearing back from them. I don't know.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That she was found was seems like more for what I mentioned the things it because it's you're trying to balance out the serotonin levels. Second, then stabilize some of those inside symptoms that you have
Um,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Unfortunate that you had that experience where you're trying to explain what your symptoms are. That's what the psychologists to listen to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's up in your response to the medication where our symptoms and then help them, then you know calibrate your medication, so that you don't have any negative symptoms of medication.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And
Angelo: We'll see. She because, like, one of the problems that I was having was I was having to pee like every 10 minutes and like this invitation to Pete like
Angelo: Where
Angelo: I don't know. It's like a weird feeling in your black like it feels like there's something in there but you get up to go pee and nothing comes, you know,
Angelo: And you have the sensation and I
Angelo: Got that, you know, and she was like, well, that's not listed, you know, Polly your Rhea is not on the symptom, you know,
Angelo: Monday. Monday, of course, so that
Angelo: Can't be that you know and like denying that I was experiencing these symptoms.
Angelo: You know,
Angelo: Well, that doesn't make any sense.
Angelo: That's not a, you know, and I'm like this is what I'm experiencing. Like, I'm sorry. It doesn't check your box.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, like
Angelo: I don't know it's it's frustrating.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah we did the right thing by just trying to find a different provider and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Hopefully, when all of this dies down because they are starting to open up again.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You can connect with the provider that will be more into patient here in ensuring that she here. She listens to you know the client.
Angelo: And it really sucks because, I mean,
Angelo: I don't know stereotypes and stuff there. They are based in in
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Some sort of foundation, but
Angelo: It, it just destroys so many different industry, you know, of
Resources.
Angelo: And it just, it really sucks that
Angelo: Goes along with you.
Angelo: Even though you
Angelo: Change your
Angelo: Your, your attempting to change these became
Angelo: society wants to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Keep you
Angelo: In these roles.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So then you know maybe lead with what the end right with the ADD is doing, you know how that has presented and then, you know, finish off with, you know, I am in this program. These are the medications that I'm taking
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because often time in in my treating I hear that patients lead with the addiction. First, the addiction treatment either getting
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Open up with that. That's our inputs that label, but when you present with these are the symptoms that I want to address right now. And hey, by the way, as well. I you know I am taking this medication.
Angelo: Right, you leave it as kind of a background thing, not as the main course.
Angelo: Yeah, like the main issue.
Angelo: The main guilt and shame. Yeah, the guilt and the shame of the addiction almost makes it seems like you have to give that disclaimer.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Whenever you're with a medical provider and yes it's important information for them to another medication that you're
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That you're presenting issue to them. It's not because you're an avid is because you have ADD and you want treatment for that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you present with that and all of the symptoms and then then that conversation when the X amount of medication.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Then my feeling. Yeah, this and if they have the gall to ask why you didn't present with that when you say well that's not not presenting issue.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I had been a treatment for X amount of years. And so this is what my my current stressor. Is this has already been resolved and the medication assisted treatment program then then I have medication. I'm seeing for this.
Angelo: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Nice.
Angelo: See yeah i think that that will really. I mean, because that first presentation creates the identity.
Angelo: I mean,
Angelo: He's the ground works for a lot of the, you know, whether they're going to help you or not, you know, because I I get as as a doctor provide you know like you have to protect yourself from lawsuits from liability.
Angelo: You know,
Angelo: You know, somebody ended up ended up killing them, you know, and I definitely get that
Angelo: You know, but there's there's a right way like
Angelo: That's being methodical about it, you know, and taking the right approach instead of
Angelo: Entity. That's usually my response, you know,
Angelo: What screw it. I just want you know
Angelo: Doing it. Now, before I even get there.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And fear that's that shame that you have equated with your addiction.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That encompasses you so you present with that and some of the symptoms that you show with the movement and stuff. It could match, like, oh, this person is probably high right now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And now their scope of you is totally filtered through this person is matic that's why they're moving around. This is why they're talking. This is why, as inspiration speech when it's like, no, really, the symptoms are actually associated with my add and not because I'm high on substance.
Yeah.
Angelo: Yeah, and like
Angelo: It comes out more like
Angelo: It like and you look at things through a filter. I mean,
Angelo: you're observing things. It's kind of like a
Angelo: Checklist you're
Angelo: Checking certain boxes you
Angelo: Know eyes read or
Angelo: Pupil you know like and and it's an evaluation and
Angelo: At the top that evaluation if you say drug addict or anxiety.
Angelo: Or whatever, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And yeah.
Angelo: That's kind of how we all evaluate the
World.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Those labels were created to help us to identify how to, you know, coincide with the person that we're speaking to. It helps us to be knowledgeable about
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, how are we going to treat. How are we going to operate and communicate with this individual. You know those labels are putting in place to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Relate to information and to help with clarity, but it also invite some statements as well. And so we have to find that balance.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, this information that I have is good because it gives me clarity on how to treat versus now switching it to that filter. Oh, this label. Let me go into my statement, you know, and what I know about it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, I'm gonna go and prepare for cruise, but I wanted to let you know that next week is Memorial Day so we won't have group on Monday. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Real is aware, and I'm going to let her know that you showed up tonight.
Angelo: Okay, and show. Note that I need a new script and everything for this week. The for for the next two weeks, I guess.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, so I'm just letting her know that you need in the script. Right. Yeah. Okay. And if there's any additional needs. Do you have her contact information to let her know so there's no
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: With what you need.
Angelo: Yeah, I have her email.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, great. Well, then I will see you the next time, I'll see you will be June 1 okay
Angelo: Sounds good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All right, take care.
All right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Represented to individual session.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: With anxious move with his diagnosis for anxiety psycho education on anxiety symptoms was shared with pious as he is more focused on add symptoms and anxiety.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: stigmas associated with addiction, but also share with patient development interpersonal relationships and the imagery, use of mother and the order to figure was
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Introduced in this session for future sessions I would want to continue on the education of anxiety symptoms empowering patient to connect with medical coordinators in regards to the medical needs that he has and also allowing him to present himself.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: As his current symptoms and not as an ad in interpersonal relationships in medical staff situations and professional settings.